Add troubleshooting ssh azcmagent (#99501)
Azure/azure-content: articles/azure-arc/servers/ssh-arc-troubleshoot.md

 - {"level":"fatal","msg":"sshproxy: error copying information from the connection: read tcp 192.168.1.180:60887-\u003e40.122.115.96:443: wsarecv: An existing connection was forcibly closed by the remote host.","time":"2022-02-24T13:50:40-05:00"}

Resolution:
 - Ensure that the SSHD service is running on the Arc-enabled server.

>  - Ensure that port 22 (or other non-default port) is listed in allowed incoming connections. Run `azcmagent config list` on the Arc-enabled server in an elevated session. The ssh port (22) is not set by default, so you must add it. This setting is used by other services like admin center so just add port 22 without deleting previous added ports.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Ensure that port 22 (or other non-default port) is listed in allowed incoming connections. Run `azcmagent config list` on the Arc-enabled server in an elevated session. The ssh port (22) isn't set by default, so you must add it. This setting is used by other services, like admin center, so just add port 22 without deleting previously added ports.
```
